>> Is it possible to communicate
with spirits by adjusting
your brainwave frequencies?
Renowned psychic Mark
Anthony explains how
in his new book, The
Afterlife Frequency.
This is Gaia News.
[THEME MUSIC]
Mark Anthony is a
psychic medium who
has been communicating with
spirits since he was a child.
In his new book, he
presents the latest research
in the fields of quantum
physics and neuroscience
to explain how anyone
can tune into what he
calls the afterlife frequency.
>> We know from matters
of faith that the soul--
the who and what we
are-- pre-exist the body,
comes into the body, moves
on after the body dies.
We also know that the
brain from neuroscience
has a coherent
electromagnetic field.
We know from the laws of
physics that energy is neither
created nor destroyed, only
transferred from one form
to another.
And that is why I developed the
term "the electromagnetic soul"
to describe what we
really are, which
is pure consciousness that is
eternal electromagnetic energy.
Everything has
its own vibration.
Everything is made
of molecules, which
are made of atoms, which are
made of electrons, protons,
and neutrons, which are
made of the smallest
particle, a single particle
of a quantum, which
is electromagnetic energy.
Everything has a
different vibration.
Spirits are on a
much higher vibration
because they are not tethered
to a lower, slower, denser
vibration.
That would be the corporeal
entity known as our body.
>> Just how does this
electromagnetic soul facilitate
communication with those
who have left their bodies?
>> Well, think of our world, the
material world dimension as AM
radio in its energy
vibration and frequency.
And the other side as FM radio.
Well, that's the
afterlife frequency.
And in our world, AM and FM
are too energetic systems
that coexist and coincide,
and it's the same thing
in spirit communication.
You have the material
world frequency
and the afterlife frequency.
And even though
they are separate,
there are times when the
two frequencies overlap,
and when that happens, you
get an alignment, that's
spirit communication,
and henceforth, we
are communicating with
the afterlife frequency.
>> Mark explains that we all
have two psychic receptor
regions in the body that can
allow us to enter into spirit
communication.
>> I believe that everybody
is capable of spirit
communication.
In other words, not
necessarily being a medium,
but in receiving messages.
Why?
Because we all have the
same basic physiology.
And as I explain in the
afterlife frequency,
we have the pineal gland
and the solar plexus,
which are the two receptor
areas in our body.
And I go into great
detail explaining
how they're sensitive to
electromagnetic frequency
and the types of
information that you
receive through these
two different receptors.
Everybody receives
contact from spirits.
It's whether or not
you're paying attention
to it, whether or not you're
spiritually, situationally
aware.
That's why I developed
the RAFT technique.
Help people Recognize
science from spirits,
Accept it as real, Feel
it without fear, and then
Trust in the message.
But many people negate
it, they block it.
When they do that, they
create energetic blocks.
And there's many
ways that people
create an energetic block.
And once you remove
that block, you
will see how spirit
communication, not only
will be influencing your
life, it can actually change
your life, and for the better.
>> Mark describes the source
from which spirits receive
information to transmit to
the living as the collective
consciousness.
>> Think of your soul, your
EMS, your electromagnetic soul
as a drop of water.
And when you die,
that drop of water
plunges into the
eternal sea of souls.
That's what I call the
collective consciousness.
So then your EMS is
linked to other spirits
that are linked to
other spirits that
are linked to other spirits.
Think of it as sort of
this infinite internet.
And you maintain your
identity and individuality
but you are now
energetically interlinked.
This is not some
far-fetched concept,
this is based on
quantum entanglement
where on the subatomic level,
subatomic particles, even when
separated by a distance
of a billion miles,
if you influence one,
an immediate reaction
occurs to the other.
And we are energetically
tethered to our loved
ones in spirit as they
are to other souls.
And this is also why when
spirits will communicate,
they can bring
forth information,
medical information,
healing information,
all sorts of information
and data that far exceeded
the scope of anything that
that individual person knew
while living in
the material world.
>> Will science ever
definitively prove
the existence of this
afterlife frequency?
>> We are getting a lot closer
technologically to developing
a device that can tune in
to the afterlife frequency.
Thomas Edison was the
first major scientist
and inventor to believe that
such a device was possible.
Since Edison, we
all have all types
of paranormal
investigation equipment--
K2 meters, EVP, ultraviolet
infrared scanners, I mean,
the spirit box.
They're all designed to scan the
electromagnetic frequency band.
I was in the laboratory of Dr.
Gary Schwartz at the University
of Arizona, and he is
currently developing technology
known as the soul phone
which will and already
does tap into and communicate
with the afterlife frequency.
Let me tell you something.
Within our lifetime, it is
conceivable and quite possible
that there will be a device
where we can literally tune
in to the afterlife frequency.
>> Until then, Mark hopes
that his research will serve
as evidence that communication
with spirits is possible if we
just tune in.
For new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.
[THEME MUSIC]